doc: WIP remove zigbee documentation (#20843)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/samples/zigbee.rst

Zigbee samples
##############

> The nRF Connect SDK provides the following samples showcasing the :ref:`ug_zigbee` protocol.
> You can build the samples for various boards and configure them for different usage scenarios.
> For documentation, see `Zigbee R22`_ or `Zigbee R23`_ add-on repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zigbee R22 and R23 add-ons provide several samples showcasing the :ref:`ug_zigbee` protocol.
You can build the samples for various boards and configure them for different usage scenarios.
For documentation and details, see `Zigbee R22`_ or `Zigbee R23`_ add-on repositories.
```
